well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about ex-marines and what ex-marines can
teach us and there's a whole bunch of
people who clicked on this video for the
sole purpose of telling me that my title
is wrong because there is no such thing
as an ex-marine once a marine always a
marine right guys outside looking in
that sounds like some silly gung-ho
slogan and it is a slogan of sorts but
the basis of it is the idea that going
through that training changes you
fundamentally as a person and you will
never change back therefore you will
always be a marine the other side to
that is that that oath didn't have an
expiration date did it so you will
always be a Marine it's the idea that's
work comes from and it's true it is true
most entities government or
non-government that defend the United
States believe what they're doing
defends the United States they swear are
very similar owed 20 even intelligence
officers even if they burn out leave
just I'm not doing this anymore
they've seen something or done something
that offends their morals and they leave
but they don't often talk about it they
don't often come forward it's because of
that oath it's because of that oh people
are certainly going to point to edward
snowden and john kerry aku well they
blew the whistle they did they did and
there is certainly a moral element to
what they did but there's also a
constitutional one and that is what they
swore an oath to there's certainly a
constitutional element to what they did
so I wouldn't say that that was a
violation of their oath more like
there's an exemption to it
because the main of they took was to
protect the Constitution of the United
States the other ones fall under that
[Applause]
there's an argument there's a debate to
be had there where I stand is pretty
clear John's a facebook friend I don't
believe you violated his oath I believe
that he did what his oath demanded and
he did what his personal morals demanded
oath were a thing that were taken very
seriously still are among those people
with honor and integrity
what's a k-bar for those who don't know
it's a knife for the Marines it's the
knife right why is that such an icon of
the Marine Corps because it is the
Marines it's a symbol of it's a utility
knife that is lethal durable everlasting
can be forced into any role it is the
Marine Corps that's why it became the
icon I mean is the knife really that
good I mean yeah kind of it is it is
actually really good my but aside from
that the the the symbol and what it says
that's why it's become synonymous with
Marines the US Senate is a symbol of
every American it represents us all in
very what does it say that a group of
people in the Senate a large group of
people in the Senate seemingly openly
violated their oath to remain impartial
what does that mean I mean really start
thinking about it because there are a
lot of ramifications to it
especially when you factor in the fact
that it appears they suppress evidence
to defend a man they don't even like
most of them don't even like Trump but
they saw it as politically advantageous
to do so why from where I'm sitting now
I could be wrong but there's only two
reeds it's probably a combination of
both in my opinion they believe that
their voters are so partisan they have
ceased to care about truth about justice
about the Constitution or they believe
their voters are so stupid and so naive
that they're not going to catch what it
really means they swore an oath to be
impartial
just like they swore an oath to
represent you nobody can look at this
and say that it was impartial whose
political maneuvering openly what makes
you think they represent you they're
going to continue to or that they ever
did if they will do this and violate
their responsibility to remain impartial
this openly for somebody they don't even
like what makes you think they won't lie
to you about how just a war is so they
can send your kid off to die so their
stock and Raytheon or whatever can go up
two or three dollars what makes you
think they won't lie to you about your
Social Security that you paid into and
say oh you really don't deserve this
it's an entitlement
what makes you think they won't lie to
you about the economy tell you that
you're in the middle of a blue-collar
boom Wow there's been a 20% increase in
family farm bankruptcies wonder if they
got any big donations from corporate
agriculture
I bet the Dead didn't luck but I bet
they'd add the Senate being a symbol of
the US and this happening so openly what
does it say for us how does that
represent us as the United States the
people of the United States has their
honor and integrity fallen this far that
they would tolerate it that they would
look at this and say we don't care that
you wiped your feet on the Constitution
as you went to cast your vote we don't
care that deep down we all know that the
Republican Party's suppressing this
evidence means that Trump is guilty
let's think about it this whole time
they said that it was a sham it was a
political show it was partisanship in
the house we need evidence and then when
it's available to them after they know
what it is no no no no we don't need to
see this I don't want to enter this into
the record if that evidence confirmed
Trump's story believe me they'd allow it
they put it on Fox News on loop but
they're not doing that they're doing
everything they can to hide it to
suppress it because they don't want you
the American people to know what it is
because that would hurt them politically
because that's what they care about
power not you these people aren't your
representatives much like Trump they
probably don't even like you and when
the time comes they will sell you out
the same way they just sold out the
Constitution and their obligation to be
impartial anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good night